IMPORTANT: This article is fake: https://team-h-the-series.fandom.com/wiki/Bombium

Bombium is the 23rd element of the heriodic table. It is named after BombCraft, a former and future (but not present) H maker who is also the creator of this page. It has four notable isotopes, B-53, B-54, B-55, and B-56. B-53 and B-55 are both stable and are pretty much the same except B-55 has two more neutrons and B-53 is found in the earth's core while B-55 is found on the earth's surface; this is why Bombium's atomic weight is 54.813. B-54 is found in the earth's mantle and has a half-life of 915,844,245 years, with an 82% chance to beta-minus decay into the stable Gf-54 and an 18% chance to undergo electron capture, turning into the also stable Ex-54. B-56 is synthetic and is commonly used in nuclear reactors and nuclear bombs, often in conjunction with Hexium because of the explosive reaction that Bombium and Hexium undergo when near each other. B-56 has a half-life of 146 days before beta-minus decaying into Gf-56. (B-51 and B-52 both have longer half-lives than B-56 but aren't used much because B-56 is easier to produce)

Bombium is a very chaotic element, often changing color, which can cause seizures and occasionally (curable, thank satan) blindness. Pure bombium takes the form of a colorful powder (it also rarely takes the form of a beautiful gemstone, similar to Hexium; this represents the fact that both Hexagon and I are annoying), and is non toxic and doesn't react with any of the human body's chemicals; it mostly only reacts with other H elements. It is flammable, although it doesn't burn until reaching 420ºF, a similar flash point to most oils. Naturally occurring bombium is mostly found in compounds with other H elements

Reactions
Bombium reacts with Etagen to produce bombium dietagide, a blue compound commonly used in flags. (even though I'm not part of team HTS for now)
Blueium has two allotropes; one doesn't react with Bombium and the other reacts to produce a beautiful blue light show
Bombium doesn't react with Defbium, Clickrium, Smorium, Yorium, Jonathanium, Aweson, Greatine, Dalon, or Drumidium
Bombium reacts with Lionium to produce a chemical often used in games like Minesweeper and 2048.
Bombium reacts with Hexium to produce a chemical that immediately explodes
Bombium doesn't react with Iciclium. Zackium, Numblium, Strachium, or Califium.
Bombium reacts with Chesium similar to how Blueium does; exactly how though I don't know yet, will add when I think of an idea.
Bombium reacts with Minium to make it explode faster
Bombium reacts with Gimium to produce another chemical that immediately explodes; this is because I HATE G!
Bombium reacts with Expirium to make it even more toxic
Bombium doesn't react with Griffium
Bombium reacts with Cyanium to make a beautiful cyan light show
Bombium reacts with Greenium similarly to Cyanium but green
Bombium doesn't react with Whamium, but is magnetically attracted to it, but not as strongly as Strachium is.
Bombium reacts with Xamplium to make a compound similar to pure Memeium
Bombium reacts with Geomdium to produce an EXTREMELY beautiful alloy (yes, Geomdium is a metal), although that alloy can still cause seizures and curable blindness.
Bombium reacts with Alesjium similarly to Xamplium
Bombium doesn't react with Ledium, Owotium, Epicgium, Pixium, or Amogium (I swapped Amogium and Fardium because their symbols spelled out a slur in the heriodic table, but I still changed Amogium to Am anyway because swapping them made them now spell out a slur in the isotopic table)
Bombium reacts with Fardium to make it less smelly; this is because I can't smell IRL
Bombium doesn't react with Slavium or Imquizine.
Bombium reacts with Bulgarium to produce a useless compound, but the compound is much more useful when Xamplium and Goetium are added.
Bombium doesn't react with Ventium, Greekium, Qyoooium, Kafium, or Pentagonum (I swapped Pentagonum and Tescratium because Tescratium is supposed to be slightly radioactive with a half-life of billions of years, and odd elements are less stable than even ones and Tescratium was originally an even element but it's odd now.)
Bombium reacts with Tescratium in conjunction with Hexium to make a chemical often used in code (like computer code not Scratch code); this is one of the only compounds with Bombium and Hexium in it that doesn't immediately go kaboom.
Bombium reacts with Trolline to make TBD
Bombium reacts with Magentine similarly to Cyanium but magenta
Bombium reacts with Memeium to make TBD
Bombium reacts with Corkium to make TBD
Bombium used to react with Scratchium but not anymore
Bombium doesn't react with Weirdscartum or Nuine (I replaced Karum because the drama was too insignificant)
Bombium reacts with Lolium to make a useless chemical
Bombium reacts with Redium similarly to Cyanium but red
Bombium doesn't react with Undecium
Bombium reacts with Birdium to make TBD
Bombium reacts with Ohioium to become more chaotic before quickly exploding
Bombium doesn't react with Kitanium because Splatoon 3 is better than KTANE
Bombium also doesn't react with Tauium, Octillosium, Quadrinonasecoctillium, Braidenium, or Cecilium. (Unsium is discovered; it is the radioactive Cecilium. Yes, really.)
Will add more in a sec dont worry
